update steps (#1655)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Support: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/administration/how-to-change-your-user-photo.md

## Summary

To update your user photo in Microsoft 365, follow these steps:

1. Sign in to [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office.com).
2. Select your user photo (or its placeholder) on the right side of your name.
3. In the **My accounts** window, select your user photo or placeholder again.

> 4. In the appeared **Change your photo** window, select **Upload a new photo** to select and upload your photo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Change your photo** window that appears, select **Upload a new photo** to select and upload your photo.
```

5. Select **Apply** to set your user photo.

## More information

In Microsoft 365, user photos are stored in the following locations:

- A low-resolution photo (less than 100 KB) is stored in the user's `ThumbnailPhoto` attribute in Active Directory. This is the photo that's synchronized to Microsoft 365 in a hybrid environment. Low-resolution photos are used by Lync 2010.

> - A high-resolution photo is stored in the root directory of the user's Exchange Online mailbox. High-resolution photos are displayed in Exchange Online, Lync 2013, Skype for Business and Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A high-resolution photo is stored in the root directory of the user's Exchange Online mailbox. High-resolution photos are displayed in Exchange Online, Lync 2013, Skype for Business, and Microsoft Teams.
```
